I have a first time at Mr. Shine and Mr. Steven had had a conversation concerning what
Mr. Steven was going to do with Mr. Shine.
There was relations between unit charcoals of first species.
The only thing of significance occurred between October 21 and November 6, where it's within
your personal knowledge.
Not that I can hardly call it.
Clearly you were present on the evening of the meeting in the security of the office
in the Pentagon.
Yes, November 6.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
On that occasion, what were the general circuits of conversation?
And though they've been going in very early, but may I speak state they were?
Yes.
Well, it's been testified as to who was present.
Then Mr. Coleman and I arrived in the West Center of McCoffee.
I recall that the secretary asked Mr. Coleman where Mr. Shine was.
Mr. Coleman said that Mr. Shine felt that since he was not crowded in the army, it would
be a little unusual for him to be having lunch with the secretary.
And every guard I know that there was a six-place set at the table.
There was an office table about this size.
There was a six-place set there and I assumed after that conversation that it was Mr. Shine
and the army followed us who he had died.
About the time we set down to the at the table, the secretary asked for a resume of the
evidence that had been developed concerning during the course of our Fort Marathon investigation.
Mr. Coleman took the floor, I would say, for several moments and gave a resume of all the
evidence that had been collected during the weeks of our investigation.
Mr. Stevens was listening very intently.
Then Mr. Coleman said his resume, Mr. Stevens asked how long the public hearings could be expected
to run.
I might note here that Senator McCoffee on I think the preceding day, November 5, had made
an announcement to the effect that the hearing public hearings on Mama's would begin on the
following Thursday, I think, 12th of November.
Senator McCoffee, or Mr. Coleman, told the secretary that the hearings could be expected
to run for approximately six weeks.
The secretary was very upset about this.
At least he appeared to be.
He said that this was impossible, that if the hearings lasted anywhere near that length
of time, that he would have to resign.
He said that he had been the secretary of the Army for some ten months at that time,
and that the people would not understand his not having taken action soon.
He asked if there was some way that the subcommittee could help take the pressure off of he and
himself and the Army by holding hearings on other investigations.
And I recall that there was an answer made to that question.
I don't recall whether it was Mr. Coleman or Mr. McCoffee.
Senator McCoffee, but the answer was that we were not ready to hold hearings on any other
investigation.
We were ready to hold hearings on the Army.
Senator McCoffee made it very clear that there would be no whitewashing of this Army
situation.
He told the secretary that he personally should not be worried.
He didn't think he didn't agree with the secretary because he had been in there ten months.
He should be held responsible in the public side.
He said that nothing has been done so far in the investigation, which was aimed at or
had helped the secretary personally.
He said that the secretary had been trying to assist the subcommittee that he himself
and made public statements throughout effect.
He said however that he couldn't whitewash the situation by not having hearings.
There then followed a suggestion by the secretary that the defense department proper, the air force
and the Navy also had security situations which were there looking into by the subcommittee.
At that point Mr. Haddon nodded and said that he would be able to furnish the subcommittee
with information on that.
The secretary seemed to affirm this.
He nodded his head and acted like it.
Like he said, the suspect might be the answer to the problem.
The next point that came up and I'm not exactly sure of the order of this, but the next point
that came up that I recall was a statement by Mr. Colm that we were planning to investigate
and eventually hold hearings on communist and defense industry.
The meeting was left with a understanding that we would not stop the fourth moment hearing
that we would have public hearings, but that in order to take some of the pressure off
of the Army and Secretary Stevens personally, we would hold some public hearings on communist
infiltration of defense plans also.
That's about the fire call was Mr. Scott Keaton, who was involved in this meeting.
Yes sir, what?
During the talks of the meeting, either Senator McCockey or perhaps Mr. Colm stated that
Mr. Shiner has been working on some of this work and the secretary then volunteered.
The suggestion that Mr. Shiner might be made available to work weekend on committee business.
He said that it's necessary that he even worked evening on it.
Any time that he was not in training, this was sent by the secretary and at that point
he was happy to do anything he could to keep us from having immediate hearings on the
office.
Mr. Barrett, did you make any statements with reference to Shiner?
No, sir, I didn't.
I don't recall it.
Well, you've been a star in this proceeding as the sound stolen man.
Well, did you make any statement of any character at this larger medium than when was six?
Well, sir, I might say that that's one of the more appreciative appellations that's been
passed over me and they passed a few months.
I don't object to that.
At the conference of November 6th, I, of course, took part in the greeting.
I took some minor part in the discussion when Mr. Colm was describing the results or giving
it resume of the investigation that had been conducted.
I took part in the meeting.
I think I collected him on one occasion.
Generally speaking, it was pretty hard to get a word in.
We could all understand this, though.
Well, it wasn't only Mr. Colm at that point.
Well, Mr. Colm sent him to November 6th.
Did you have any conversations with Secretary Stevens with reference to the jargons of
the Senate for crossing his fair?
Hi, yes, sir.
Well, on November 16th, I saw the Secretary on November 16th, I was going to pick up Mr.
Colm and go to the airport.
We were flying to New York.
He asked me, or I suggested, that I would pick him up at the Pentagon on the way to the
airport.
I had no appointment with Secretary Stevens.
No, for the friction of clarity, this was the meeting that followed through November
13th, press conference of Secretary Stevens.
Yes, that was correct.
And that was the purpose of the meeting.
I understand it, Washington.
You did not go with Mr. Colm to the Pentagon.
No, I didn't.
You had no appointment with Secretary Stevens, don't you?
No, sir.
I had no appointment with no intention of saying.
And when I arrived, I merely went to pick up Mr. Colm to proceed to the airport.
When I arrived, the Secretary, Secretary, at least the receptionist announced that I
had arrived, the Secretary was very gracious and ordered that I be ushered in.
I went in.
There were the usual greetings.
Secretary is very courteous.
I sat down with him.
They had a time we've been discussing the November 13th, press conference of Secretary
Stevens.
At the point that I, when I had arrived, the Secretary was stating that he was very disturbed
that the conference had been misinterpreted by some of the press presence.
He was very disturbed that the misinterpretation could cause any anxiety or any disturbance
on the part of Senator McCoff.
He said that he had not intended to say that there was no espionage at Fort Mommaid.
He merely intended to say that he knew of no espionage at Fort Mommaid.
He said he hadn't meant to front Senator McCoffee and that he was most anxious to do whatever
he could to straighten the matter out with Senator McCoffee.
He said he'd fly up to New York that night and have dinner with the Senator.
So he'd come up and have breakfast.
He said he'd have lunch the next day.
It was very anxious to see the Senator.
Mr. Colm said that he would be saying the Senator that afternoon in New York, and that
he would have been contacted with as a result of the meeting.
Secretary Steven did come to New York the following day and met with Mr. McCoffee.
In all the following day, in all of them, the 17th, the World Classiness, the Marchance
Club in New York City.
I had a doubt.
Yes, I was.
What if anything were stated by even Mr. Steven from the stadiums as the Marchance Club meeting
with reference to the possibility of your committee investigating the other services?
I have no personal knowledge of any of that conversation.
I'll know them for 24 while I'll ask you if Mr. Adams made any additional suggestions
in the youth with reference to stopping your investigation of the Army.
Yes, sir.
On the 17th, however, I think you might have gone ahead of us off of that.
On the 17th, you can hear the making of the state.
By the way, while we're on the 17th, I might say, serve one point.
I could do a 1117 that was in the arrangement made that the senator and his staff would go
to Fort Marmot and then proceed to Boston in the secondary frame.
I recall that when we arrived at Fort Marmot, I was given what they were talking about.
I recall that when we arrived, that actually was McGuire F. Fort Bay, Subdication II, Fort
Dicks.
When we arrived and were getting up the plane, I heard the secretary say something to the
effect of now with the good time to get that picture with Bay.
There was a general round of handshakes and introductions.
Mr. Shine was there, General Ryan was there, two channels, that please.
One is General Bradley and one was Colonel Barrow.
There were some other officers and were some men there, there were some partners there.
After the introduction, I recall the secretary's motion to Shine.
I didn't hear him say anything, but they came and stood together against the plane.
The photographers made ready to take pictures.
I recall that I tried to get out of the picture.
I saw it was coming, I tried to get out of the picture.
I recall that General Bradley was standing in the area.
That's about all of that happened there.
I do recall that evening, that evening when we were dining at one of the officers at Fort
at the moment, we were talking about it.
Senator McCartney told Mr. Shine in front of the two channels, Colonel Bradley in front of the bell,
that he wanted him to spend all of his free time when he was not in training working on the committee reports.
That's about all of that conversation.
The events of November 17th as I recall.
Now when was the next occasion on which even Mr. Adams will set his fingers against this?
You're hearing the conclusion.
Well, the next that I know of, sir, was on the 24th of November.
I had lunch with Mr. Adams and Mr. Cohn.
I had apparently been some discussion that I was not in on.
But at that point, during some point during the luncheon, Mr. Adams brought up the subject of General Law
and was possible removal from his command at Fort Momman.
And he was very anxious to get what he turned some good word from Senator McCartney concerning his attitude on a removal of General Law from Fort Momman.
Mr. Adams said to Mr. Cohn that if you can give me some good word on the Law in the situation,
maybe I can give you some good word on whether or not Shine will be available this weekend.
I think it was the fact. I'm sure it was the Thanksgiving weekend.
I recall that Mr. Cohn was a little annoyed at this for what he tried and the reason that
he didn't like Mr. Adams tying up the Law in situation with the shines availability over the weekend.
He said that the secretary had made an arrangement whereby the father shines with the available non-training hours
and that he didn't like Mr. Adams in detecting himself into the situation.
There was a little discussion about that. Nothing unpleasant and we left.
The reason for this was thanks to the first occasion on which Mr. Adams thought of this question of favor to Shine in consideration of
the situation. You were taking steps to stop the investigation.
Yes, I think that's the first one that I know of.
I think that on October 8th or 9th when we were talking about stopping the hearings.
Mr. Adams may have said that the secretary was going to do something with Shine and that should be some sort of an inducement to us.
But that is the October 8th conversation or that matter is not exactly clear.
Do you tell us committee that Mr. Adams is commencing around November 24th?
You trying to shine his face to gain his desire. Is that the circumstances of what you mean?
I think that Mr. Adams was aware of the fact that throughout the entire period of association beginning back in early October that Mr. Shine was going to be in the Army,
and that he had come from our subcommittee. I think he was aware of that fact. I think he was smart enough to keep up in the back with mine at all times.
I think that he was using it wherever he could.
Now, have you stated the substance and significance of November 24th and so far they have laid for your charges or hastic issues?
As I now recall.
And when I say your charges, I'm of course referring to the Senate from a conscience.
What occurred on November 25th Mr. Carr that relates to the matters which were now discussed?
Well, on November 25th Mr. Adams and I missed our plane connection from Newark to Washington.
Those are the holiday traffic I believe.
And we took a train from the Newark depot to Washington.
Now, I would like to clear up at this point one part of Mr. Adams' testimony.
He is implied that perhaps the entire train trip was consumed. The time of the train trip was consumed with a conversation about Dave Shine.
I say that isn't so. I can recall several things we talked about on that train trip.
We talked about General War. We talked about the Fourth Momut investigation.
We talked about Mr. Adams' background. I recall and tell him about his early use in the West.
We talked about my background. We talked about the FBI. We talked about Mr. Adams' baby.
He was given him trouble at night. We talked about my three children.
We talked about a press agent who was hired by the Pentagon. We talked about several things.
We talked about Shine also.
Was he suggesting lead on that train trip with weapons to the nation of the Fourth Momut appearance?
Yes, yes there was. I believe and I am such a correction of this, but I believe I'm right.
This period of time, November 24th and November 25th.
These were the first open hearings on the Fourth Momut situation. They were held in New York.
Now Mr. Adams, and I don't say that there's anything wrong in his warning to stop the hearing.
Mr. Adams on the train ride suggested that since we had held numerous executive sessions on Fourth Momut,
and since we had now held one or two public hearings on Fourth Momut,
it would be a good time to drop the hearing. The Army now was ready to handle the Army with handle the situation.
That was the substance of the conversation concerning termination of the hearing.
Do you know what's the other shine circuit key?
Yes sir, but I think it would relate better to follows in sequence.
The conversation we had concerning General Law and Pilot Fuser.
There were all the other circuit key. There's been a considerable tension.
I don't mean to interrupt you, but on this train ride I think it's important that I discuss some of the subjects of the train.
I think Mr. Adams has made it to a real point.
I'd like to say that on this train ride Mr. Adams has me, for my opinion, of what Senator McCarthy's real reaction would be to the removal of General Law from his post-The Fourth Momut.
Mr. Adams said that he thought that perhaps I would be able to get from a real insight into what the Senator would actually do.
I recall coming him that the Senator would probably take the position, that he couldn't do anything about the proposed removal if it were done.
However, I knew that Senator McCarthy would not sit back and not make some statements concerning this.
The word I used was glass because of the removal of a man who had throughout the investigation shown that he was anxious to help the subcommittee and a man who had a reputation for wanting to get rid of Communist of what the Momut.
Also on the train ride, well I think I mentioned the fact we talked about a Pentagon press agent.
Following this conversation about General Law, Mr. Adams turned into private shine.
Turned into the conversation to private shine.
The substance of his conversation on that matter was that since the Senator and Mr. Cohn were feeling the way they did about General Lawton and the Army would undoubtedly not take any stand at that moment on General Lawton because of Senator McCarthy's expected attitude,
it might be a good thing if they could be a little nicer to him and he could be a little nicer to private shine.
Now, what he meant about being a little nicer, I can only guess.
How did you prove true?
Well, I thought that he was still in a little pocket.
Would he often have, shall we say, got a tent that had a tea place in the form of small favors?
I frankly thought that this was an instance of dangling favors concerning shine.
Now, have you stated the substance of your conversation with Mr. Adams?
I'll move in the twenty-fatt.
Yes, with the exception of one thing that I overlook.
And that is concerning on the conversation about General Lawton.
Mr. Adams made it very clear to me that he thought and had thought for some time that General Lawton had made a big mistake.
He said that General Lawton was warning all over Senator McCarthy.
He said that he acts like Senator McCarthy is more important than the Army.
He said that this was embarrassing to the Army, it was embarrassing to Mr. Stevens.
He said that Senator that the General had been attending the executive sessions on the moment in New York.
And that looked right for the General to be tripsing into the executive sessions behind the Senator and more or less rubber stamping everything that Senator did or said.
He said this was embarrassing to the Army, and that Lawton seemed to forget who he was working for.
Did you report that conversation that you just related concerning General Lawton to Senator McCarthy?
Yes, I did.
Now in 1880, have you stated the subject in certain over in the twenty-five train run in so far it relates to your charges?
Yes, sir, I think I have.
Before Mr. Prud moves on to the next subject, Mr. Constitucer, I turn to Lawton.
The Duma television network is bringing to you through its facilities the Army McCarthy Subcommittee hearings.
We pause now for station identification.
This is the Duma television network.
WABD, channel five, serving the office in public affairs.
Law of charge, head of the...
The Washington, I'll ask you first of course if you will press.
On the occasion when it's been testified to here that Mr. Adams grew up in the middle of the United States in the 90s and 90s.
Mr. Prud is now in the manual.
Yes, ma'am.
Following the hearing on that day, Mr. Adams, Mr. Conan, I walked down the corridor.
Mr. Conan and Mr. Adams were, I would say, close together I was more to the side.
I noticed that Mr. Adams had a piece of paper in his hand and that he appeared to be drawing on it.
I came over to them.
The paper seemed to be one of these pad, Mr. Pseys, and Mr. Adams had...
Well, somebody had sketched a rough outline of the United States on the paper.
Mr. Adams had a pencil and was separating it into rectangles.
There's been testimony.
I believe the number was nine, but I'm not sure.
I know he had it broken into rectangular questions.
I asked Mr. Conan what was going on.
He smiled and said, John's trying to treat us from homosexuals and the F was for information about our next investigation.
As I recall, I just laughed and walked down the hall.
I didn't stay with them at that point.
Although you might say that I was still with them, I walked a little bit ahead until the side of them.
They were engaged in other conferences.
Well, you merely heard Mr. Colme make that statement.
That's correct.
You've read no statement made by Mr. Adams.
I know states made by Mr. Adams.
Mr. Adams neither abum on the night of that fat time.
I didn't stay long enough till, uh, no other he did or didn't.
He remained silent in your presence when Mr. Colme made the statement to you that you just related.
Yes, sir.
It was a matter of a few seconds when he told me that I moved on.
I wasn't particularly interested.
There would be a few people with the stadiums after this so-called map history.
Yes, sir.
When we, Mr. Colme and Mr. Adams and I all arrived at the subcommittee office of the town of Room 101 in this building at the same time.
Well, for some reason, I'm Professor Telephone Call.
Mr. Colme went ahead and Mr. Adams and I were standing in the corridor outside of Room 101.
We were discussing the, uh, hearings that I think our encolomans have been witnessed that morning of the day before.
Mr. Adams said that it would be possible to hold public hearings with all the witnesses that we had in executive sessions on the secret laboratories at Fort Moments.
He said that since we now had, uh, had had in the public session the principal, uh,
so he said, uh, communist at Fort Moments, the best subject, uh, it would now be a good note to end the hearings on.
This was the same general approach that he'd used before.
I told him that, uh, I thought maybe he'd better say, uh, some of the McCarthy about the ending the hearing.
Uh, then the conversation, uh, drifted to, uh, some of the subject, uh, what it was, I don't know.
Uh, that, uh, that.